README.md, before:

# Word-Guess Game

In this project, I built a word-guess game, whose goals are for the player to guess a word and learn new things! In fact, if the player guesses the word, a picture representing the word and a fun fact about the word are displayed.

The game has a responsive layout and can be played on different devices.

[Click me to check the game out!](https://sophm.github.io/Word-Guess-Game/)

The word to guess (with hidden letters!) is displayed on the screen, along with the score of the player (wins/losses), the letters the player already tried and the number of guesses remaining. The player has up to 10 guesses to find the word! If the player accidentally presses a letter already tried, she/he doesn't lose a guess for it... You're welcome! :)
The player can only presses letters. If a non-letter key is pressed, a message alerts the user to only press letters.

A round ends when the player finds the word or when she/he doesn't have anymore guesses left. At the end of a round, the game starts over automatically and a new hidden-word to guess is displayed on the screen.

To avoid the same word to be picked up twice, every selected word is removed from the word-to-guess list. When all the words have been selected, the array of possible words is reset so that the player can try again guessing the words if desired.

---

### Technologies used

To build this game, I used the following technologies:
- HTML
- Javascript
- CSS
- Bootstrap

---

### Screenshot of the game at the start

![Screenshot of the game](https://github.com/SophM/Word-Guess-Game/blob/master/assets/screenshots_for_readme/Screenshot_beginning_of_the_game.png?raw=true)


---

### Screenshot of the game, after the word "hippopotamus" has been guessed and a new round is ready to start.

![Screenshot of the game when the word has been guessed](https://github.com/SophM/Word-Guess-Game/blob/master/assets/screenshots_for_readme/Screenshot_word_guessed.png?raw=true)

--- 

### Contribution

- Sophie Mallez

Commit message:

add updated README.md - game can be played on computers with different screen sizes but not smartphones yet, it was misleading the way it was written before

README.md, after:

# Word-Guess Game

In this project, I built a word-guess game, whose goals are for the player to guess a word and learn new things! In fact, if the player guesses the word, a picture representing the word and a fun fact about the word are displayed.

The game has a responsive layout and can be played on computers with different screen sizes. Not yet on smartphones... I am working on it!

[Click me to check the game out!](https://sophm.github.io/Word-Guess-Game/)

The word to guess (with hidden letters!) is displayed on the screen, along with the score of the player (wins/losses), the letters the player already tried and the number of guesses remaining. The player has up to 10 guesses to find the word! If the player accidentally presses a letter already tried, she/he doesn't lose a guess for it... You're welcome! :)
The player can only presses letters. If a non-letter key is pressed, a message alerts the user to only press letters.

A round ends when the player finds the word or when she/he doesn't have anymore guesses left. At the end of a round, the game starts over automatically and a new hidden-word to guess is displayed on the screen.

To avoid the same word to be picked up twice, every selected word is removed from the word-to-guess list. When all the words have been selected, the array of possible words is reset so that the player can try again guessing the words if desired.

---

### Technologies used

To build this game, I used the following technologies:
- HTML
- Javascript
- CSS
- Bootstrap

---

### Screenshot of the game at the start

![Screenshot of the game](https://github.com/SophM/Word-Guess-Game/blob/master/assets/screenshots_for_readme/Screenshot_beginning_of_the_game.png?raw=true)


---

### Screenshot of the game, after the word "hippopotamus" has been guessed and a new round is ready to start.

![Screenshot of the game when the word has been guessed](https://github.com/SophM/Word-Guess-Game/blob/master/assets/screenshots_for_readme/Screenshot_word_guessed.png?raw=true)

--- 

### Contribution

- Sophie Mallez
